Add Service Worker static routing API (#34555)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/installevent/index.md

title: InstallEvent
slug: Web/API/InstallEvent
page-type: web-api-interface

> status:

Reviewer: Interesting, I would have thought Onkar's tool would remove this automatically.

Author: Hrm.

_Inherits methods from its parent, {{domxref("ExtendableEvent")}}_.

- {{domxref("InstallEvent.addRoutes()", "addRoutes()")}}

>   - : Specifies one or more routes, which define rules for how certain resources should be fetched and where from.

Reviewer: Just a thought 

```suggestion
  - : Specifies one or more static routes, which define rules for fetching specified resources that will be used even prior to service worker startup.
```
